Add font-width property and descriptor (#42935)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/font-width/index.md

  - : Specifies a more expanded font face than normal, with `ultra-expanded` being the most expanded.
- `<percentage>`
  - : A {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}} value between 50% and 200% (inclusive). Negative values are not allowed for this property.

### Keyword to numeric mapping

The table below shows the mapping between the keyword values and numeric percentages:

| Keyword           | Percentage |
| ----------------- | ---------- |
| `ultra-condensed` | 50%        |
| `extra-condensed` | 62.5%      |
| `condensed`       | 75%        |
| `semi-condensed`  | 87.5%      |
| `normal`          | 100%       |
| `semi-expanded`   | 112.5%     |
| `expanded`        | 125%       |
| `extra-expanded`  | 150%       |
| `ultra-expanded`  | 200%       |

## Description

Some font families offer additional faces in which the characters are narrower than the normal face (_condensed_ faces) or wider than the normal face (_expanded_ faces).

You can use `font-width` to select a condensed or expanded face from such fonts. If the font you are using does not offer condensed or expanded faces, this property has no effect.

### Font face selection

> The face selected for a given value of `font-width` depends on the faces supported by the font in question. If the font does not provide a face that exactly matches the given value, then values less than 100% map to a narrower face, and values greater than or equal to 100% map to a wider face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The face selected for a given value of `font-width` depends on the faces supported by the font in question. If the font does not provide a face that exactly matches the given value, then values less than 100% map to a condensed face, and values greater than or equal to 100% map to an expanded face.
```

Same reason as before. Also, make the change on the `font-stretch` property page?
